
When a condition is described as a ‘disease’, it is usually implied that the person who has it cannot simply ‘will it’ away. That person may be responsible for getting it, as is the case with someone who get lung cancer because of smoking, but once has it, so is it assumed, his continuing to have it is not about his simply failing to make the right effort of will.
Given that OCD very clearly is an illness of sorts, it seems to follow that someone who has OCD is ‘stuck with it’, in the way in which someone who has lupus or asthma is simply stuck with it—that, although his condition may be treated, as asthma can be treated, and even eliminated, it is not a question of simply willing it away.
But here is the problem: OCD, though indisputably a disease, is a disease that afflicts the will itself. It is an affliction of the will. A person with osteoporosis is somebody with porous bones, not a porous will. A person with cancer is somebody with damaged cells, not with a damaged will. But somebody with OCD is somebody with a damaged will. And the only way to fix a damaged will is by exercising that will. And that is what the obsessive-compulsive must do. And if he doesn’t do that, he is quite as responsible for his condition as is a fat person who refuses to stop overeating.
Let me put these points into context.
People with OCD can be willful---in fact, they are categorically so—and they can also, in some contexts, be legitimately highly determined—in fact, they are unusually likely to be capable of being determined to an exceptionally high degree. But in other respects, their will, though functional, has been ruptured: their will is like that of an exceedingly strong person who has pulled a muscle: that person is still strong and, in some context, can exercise that strength— but his ability to exercise his strength is more much context-dependent than it would be if he didn’t have a ruptured muscle.
Somebody with OCD is somebody whose psyche has been bifurcated into two a Dr.
Jekyll half and Mr. Hyde half—into an id-half and a superego-half. And these two halves are at war with each other: the bestial, criminal side of the obsessive-compulsive wants to come out, but the angelic morality-driven side won’t let it; so the criminal side has to leak out in symptoms. And, in any case, the paralysis of will that is the hallmark of OCD is the result of a stalemate between these two sides.
